A general pass to the registry credentials tutorials (#685)
okteto/docs: src/content/admin/registry-credentials/azure-acr.mdx

```bash
ACR_REGISTRY_ID=$(az acr show --name $ACR_NAME --query "id" --output tsv)
```

Create the ServicePrincipal with PULL access with the [AzureCLI](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/azure-cli-sp-tutorial-2#create-a-service-principal-containing-a-password) by executing:

```bash
az ad sp create-for-rbac --name $SERVICE_PRINCIPAL_NAME --scopes $ACR_REGISTRY_ID --role acrpull
```

## Step 2: Retrieve the user credentials

Get the `APP ID` by executing the following command:

```bash
APP_ID=$(az ad sp list --display-name $SERVICE_PRINCIPAL_NAME --query "[].appId" --output tsv)
```

Create a `PASSWORD` for that `APP ID`: 

```bash
az ad sp credential reset --id $APP_ID
```

```bash
{
  "appId": "<<your-app-id>>",
  "password": "<<your-password>>",
  "tenant": "98e0e81b-dd65-4132-9d6c-ed2ac3e14e28"
}
```

Remember the value of `appId` and `password`. You will need them in the next step.

## Step 3: Configure the credentials in Okteto

Add the following registry credentials to the [Admin Registry Credentials view](index.mdx#add-registry-credentials):

- **Type**: `Static`

> - **Hostname**: your Azure Container Registry endpoint, for example `docregistryokteto.azurecr.io`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Hostname**: your Azure Container Registry endpoint, for example `$ACR_NAME`
```
